Namecheap Private Email records for domains with third-party DNS

If you have your domain name registered elsewhere or using third-party DNS, you will need to contact your DNS provider and have Private Email DNS records set up in the domain name zone file. 

Below you can see the list of the essential records to be created: 


Hostname	Record Type	Priority	Value
@	MX	10	mx1.privateemail.com
@	MX	10	mx2.privateemail.com
@	TXT	
v=spf1 include:spf.privateemail.com ~all


And in this table you can find the additional records (they will not affect email delivery itself and can be skipped): 

Hostname	Record Type	Value
mail	CNAME	privateemail.com
autodiscover	CNAME	privateemail.com
autoconfig	CNAME	privateemail.com


Service	Protocol	Record Type	Priority	Weight	Port	Value
_autodiscover	_tcp	SRV	0	0	443	privateemail.com


NOTE: @ stands for yourdomain.com; mail, autodiscover and autoconfig stand for sub-domains mail.yourdomain.com, autodiscover.yourdomain.com and autoconfig.yourdomain.com correspondingly. 


What these records are needed for?

MX record (mail exchange record), is an entry in the Domain Name System that identifies the mail server that is responsible for handling e-mails for that domain name. 

CNAME record (canonical name record) is a type of resource record in the Domain Name System (DNS) used to specify that a domain name is an alias for another domain, the 'canonical' domain. All information, including subdomains, IP addresses, etc., are defined by the canonical domain. 

TXT record (text record) is a type of resource record in the Domain Name System (DNS) used to provide the ability to associate some arbitrary and unformatted text with a host or other name, such as human-readable information about a server, network, data center, and other accounting information. 

SRV record (service record) is a specification of data in the Domain Name System defining the location, i.e. the hostname and port number, of servers for specified services. 

Allow up to 30 minutes for the records to propagate and check the work of your mail service.

Once done, do not forget to create the email box as shown here < https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/1049/93/how-do-i-create-openxchange-user-accounts >
